It was a nice day. 
Shadow had done three years in prison. 
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. 
The primroses were over. 
The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel. 
We slept in what had once been the gymnasium. 
The body lay naked and facedown, a deathly gray, spatters of blood staining the snow around it. 
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. 
All children, except one, grow up. 
In 1959 Florence Green occasionally passed a night when she was not absolutely sure	whether she had slept or not.
It was a pleasure to burn. 
This is a tale of a meeting of two lonsesome, skinny, fairly old white men on a planet which was dying fast.
We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the desert when the drugs began to take hold.
It was love at first sight.
Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board.
When the blind man arrived in the city, he claimed that he had traveled across a desert of living sand.
This is being written in another seaside cottage on another coast.
Snowman wakes before dawn.
The year 1866 was signalized by a remarkable incident, a mysterious and inexplicable phenomenon, which doubtless no one has yet forgotten.
This is my favorite book in all the world though I have never read it.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. 
The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed.
Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.
In the town they tell the story of the great pearl.
My lover came to me on the last night in April, with a message and a warning that sent me home to him.
The drought had lasted now for ten million years, and the reign of the terrible lizards had long since ended.
When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold.
"Where's Papa going with that ax?" said Fern to her mother as they were setting the table for breakfast.
Ash fell from the sky.
The Wheel of Time turns, and Ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. 
The story so far: in the beginning the Universe was created.
Let's start with the end of the world, why don't we?
Call me Ishmael.
It is important, when killing a nun, to ensure that you bring an army of sufficient size.
I first saw the light in the city of Boston in the year 1857.
Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realized it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were.
When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I had only two things on my mind: Paul Newman and a ride home.
A screaming comes across the sky. 
To the red country and part of the gray country of Oklahoma, the last rains came gently, and they did not cut the scarred earth.
When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow.
Many years later, as he faced the firing squad, Colonel Aureliano Buendia;a was to remember that distant afternoon when his father took him to discover ice. 
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. 
Riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs. 
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair. 
I am an invisible man. 
Up from the skeleton stone walls, up from the rotting floor boards and the solid hand-hewn beams of oak of the pre-war cotton factory, dusk came.
Jewel and I come up from the field, following the path in single file.
If you're going to read this, don't bother.
One never knows when the blow may fall.
There was me, that is Alex, and my three dogs, that is Pete, Georgie and Dim and we sat in the Korova milkbar trying to make up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening.
West of Arkham the hills rise wild, and there are valleys with deep woods that no axe has ever cut.
The Miss Lonelyhearts of the New York Post-Dispatch (Are you in trouble?--Do you need advice?--Write-to-Miss-Lonelyhearts-and-she-will-help-you) sat at his desk and stared at a piece of white cardboard.
You don't know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer but that ain't no matter. 
Someone must have slandered Josef K., for one morning, without having done anything truly wrong, he was arrested. 
You are about to begin reading Italo Calvino's new novel, If on a winter's night a traveler. 
I'm a liar and a cheat and a coward, but I will never, ever, let a friend down.
The sun shone, having no alternative, on the nothing new. 
I was arrested in Eno's Diner.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you'll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don't feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth. 
Once upon a time and a very good time it was there was a moocow coming down along the road and this moocow that was coming down along the road met a nicens little boy named baby tuckoo. 
This is the saddest story I have ever heard. 
There was Eru, the One, who in Arda is called Illuvitar; and he made first the Ainur, the Holy Ones, that were the offspring of his thought, and they were with him before aught else was made.
The army crept like a dark stain across the horizon.
The first time I laid eyes on Terry Lennox he was drunk in a Rolls-Royce Silver Wraith outside the terrace of the Dancers.
First the colors.
A thief is a lot like a wizard.
If you were going to give a gold medal to the least delightful person on Earth, you would have to give that medal to a person named Carmelita Spats, and if you didn’t give it to her, Carmelita Spats was the sort of person who would snatch it from your hands anyway.
Ironically, since the attacks, the sunsets have been glorious.
There were great advantages to being unimportant.
The assassins dropped into the palace grounds at midnight, four fleet shadows dark against the wall.
The night breathed through the apartment like a dark animal.
The way that can be named is not the true way.
Midway upon the journey of our life, I found myself within a forest dark, for the straightforward pathway had been lost.
Three times Randolph Carter dreamed of the marvellous city, and three times was he snatched away while still he paused on the high terrace above it.
This time there would be no witnesses.
The cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be.
A voice comes to one in the dark.
All of Gaul is divided into three parts.
I've confessed to everything and I'd like to be hanged.
Dawn was coming.
They murdered him.
The Comet’s tail spread across the dawn as a red slash that bled above the crags of Dragonstone like a wound in the pink and purple sky.
“We should start back,” Gared urged as the woods began to grow dark around them.
Elinor dreamed of fire, the unseen ground beneath her burning and the air white with heat, and woke to find her dream a reality.
I wish either my father or my mother, or indeed both of them, as they were in duty both equally bound to it, had minded what they were about when they begot me; had they duly considered how much depended upon what they were then doing;
One cannot raise walls against what has been forgotten.
It was a dark, blustery afternoon in spring, and the city of London was chasing a small mining town across the dried-out bed of the old North Sea.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show. 
Stately, plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead, bearing a bowl of lather on which a mirror and a razor lay crossed. 
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the house-tops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness. 
One summer afternoon Mrs. Oedipa Maas came home from a Tupperware party whose hostess had put perhaps too much kirsch in the fondue to find that she, Oedipa, had been named executor, or she supposed executrix, of the estate of one Pierce Inverarity, a California real estate mogul who had once lost two million dollars in his spare time but still had assets numerous and tangled enough to make the job of sorting it all out more than honorary. 
It was a wrong number that started it, the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night, and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not. 
Through the fence, between the curling flower spaces, I could see them hitting. 
124 was spiteful. 
There was a hand in the darkness, and it held a knife.
They're out there.
I'm pretty much fucked.
I am a camera with its shutter open, quite passive, recording, not thinking.
Somewhere in la Mancha, in a place whose name I do not care to remember, a gentleman lived not long ago, one of those who has a lance and ancient shield on a shelf and keeps a skinny nag and a greyhound for racing. 
Mother died today. 
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy baloon of a head.
Every summer Lin Kong returned to Goose Village to divorce his wife, Shuyu. 
I am a sick man... I am a spiteful man. 
Where now? Who now? When now? 
I did not kill my father, but I sometimes felt I had helped him on his way.
See the child.
Ten days after the war ended, my sister Laura drove a car off a bridge.
"Who is John Galt?"
Once an angry man dragged his father along the ground through his own orchard. "Stop!" cried the groaning old man at last, "Stop! I did not drag my father beyond this tree." 
In a sense, I am Jacob Horner. 
It was like so, but wasn't. 
As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous vermin.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself. 
All this happened, more or less. 
They shoot the white girl first. 
For a long time, I went to bed early. 
The moment one learns English, complications set in. 
Dr. Weiss, at forty, knew that her life had been ruined by literature.
I was the shadow of the waxwing slain / By the false azure in the windowpane.
I had the story, bit by bit, from various people, and, as generally happens in such cases, each time it was a different story. 
Ages ago, Alex, Allen and Alva arrived at Antibes, and Alva allowing all, allowing anyone, against Alex's admonition, against Allen's angry assertion: another African amusement... anyhow, as all argued, an awesome African army assembled and arduously advanced against an African anthill, assiduously annihilating ant after ant, and afterward, Alex astonishingly accuses Albert as also accepting Africa's antipodal ant annexation.; 
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it. 
He was an old man who fished alone in a skiff in the Gulf Stream and he had gone eighty-four days now without taking a fish. 
It was the day my grandmother exploded. 
From the twisting, smoke filled clouds, blood rained down.
An ordinary young man was on his way from his hometown of Hamburg to Davos-Platz in the Canton of Graubunden.
The small boys came early to the hanging.
The taxi's radio was tuned to a classical FM broadcast.
When a man you know to be of sound mind tells you his recently deceased mother has just tried to climb in his bedroom window and eat him, you only have two basic options.
Everything starts somewhere, although many physicists disagree.
Kelsier held the small, fluttering piece of paper pinched between two fingers.
I was born twice: first, as a baby girl, on a remarkably smogless Detroit day in January of 1960; and then again, as a teenage boy, in an emergency room near Petoskey, Michigan, in August of 1974. 
The day was grey and bitter cold, and the dogs would not take the scent.
A tendril of the strange fragrance spiraled up from the great stone block.
I stare down at my shoes, watching as a fine layer of ash settles on worn leather.
Elmer Gantry was drunk. 
There was an instant of utter stillness when the boundary reached me.
ABANDON ALL HOPE YE WHO ENTER HERE is scrawled in blood red lettering on the side of the Chemical Bank near the corner of Eleventh and First and is in print large enough to be seen from the backseat of the cab as it lurches forward in the traffic leaving Wall Street and just as Timothy Price notices the words a bus pulls up, the advertisement for Les Miserables on its side blocking his view, but Price who is with Pierce & Pierce and twenty-six doesn’t seem to care because he tells the driver he will give him five dollars to turn up the radio, ‘Be My Baby’ on WYNN, and the driver, black, not American, does so.
The dog savaged a woman, an old man and a child before the warriors drove it into a abandoned kiln at the edge of the village.
We started dying before the snow, and like the snow, we continued to fall. 
A story has no beginning or end; arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience from which to look back or from which to look ahead. 
Having placed in my mouth sufficient bread for three minutes' chewing, I withdrew my powers of sensual perception and retired into the privacy of my mind, my eyes and face assuming a vacant and preoccupied expression. 
I was born in the Year 1632, in the City of York, of a good Family, tho' not of that Country, my Father being a Foreigner of Bremen, who settled first at Hull; He got a good Estate by Merchandise, and leaving off his Trade, lived afterward at York, from whence he had married my Mother, whose Relations were named Robinson, a very good Family in that Country, and from whom I was called Robinson Kreutznaer; but by the usual Corruption of Words in England, we are now called, nay we call our selves, and write our Name Crusoe, and so my Companions always call'd me. 
In the beginning, sometimes I left messages in the street. 
The year he and Ben Toy left Claude, Texas—1962—Thomas Berryman had been in the habit of wearing black cowboy boots with distinctive red stars on the ankles.
Miss Brooke had that kind of beauty which seems to be thrown into relief by poor dress.
What if this young woman, who writes such bad poems, in competition with her husband, whose poems are equally bad, should stretch her remarkably long and well-made legs out before you, so that her skirt slips up to the tops of her stockings? 
I have never begun a novel with more misgiving. 
We went to the moon to have fun, but the moon turned out to completely suck.
Nobody ever walked across the bridge, not on a night like this.
Once upon a time, there was a woman who discovered she had turned into the wrong person.
This classroom smells moldy, just like this whole school. 
The human race, to which so many of my readers belong, has been playing at children's games from the beginning, and will probably do it till the end, which is a nuisance for the few people who grow up. 
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. 
You better not never tell nobody but God. 
"To be born again," sang Gibreel Farishta tumbling from the heavens, "first you have to die." 
It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn't know what I was doing in New York. 
I am not as a I once was.
Once upon a time - for this is how all stories should begin - there was a boy who lost his mother.
I've heard it said girls can't keep secrets.
In the spaces of calm almost lost in what followed, the question of why tended to surface.
Most really pretty girls have pretty ugly feet, and so does Mindy Metalman, Lenore notices, all of a sudden. 
If I am out of my mind, it's all right with me, thought Moses Herzog. 
Francis Marion Tarwater's uncle had been dead for only half a day when the boy got too drunk to finish digging his grave and a Negro named Buford Munson, who had come to get a jug filled, had to finish it and drag the body from the breakfast table where it was still sitting and bury it in a decent and Christian way, with the sign of its Saviour at the head of the grave and enough dirt on top to keep the dogs from digging it up. 
Granted: I am an inmate of a mental hospital; my keeper is watching me, he never lets me out of his sight; there's a peephole in the door, and my keeper's eye is the shade of brown that can never see through a blue-eyed type like me. 
When Dick Gibson was a little boy he was not Dick Gibson. 
Hiram Clegg, together with his wife Emma and four friends of the faith from Randolph Junction, were summoned by the Spirit and Mrs. Clara Collins, widow of the beloved Nazarene preacher Ely Collins, to West Condon on the weekend of the eighteenth and nineteenth of April, there to await the End of the World. 
She waited, Kate Croy, for her father to come in, but he kept her unconscionably, and there were moments at which she showed herself, in the glass over the mantel, a face positively pale with the irritation that had brought her to the point of going away without sight of him. 
In our family, there was no clear line between religion and fly-fishing
In the late summer of that year we lived in a house in a village that looked across the river and the plain to the mountains. 
"Take my camel, dear," said my Aunt Dot, as she climbed down from this animal on her return from High Mass. 
There was no possibility of taking a walk that day.
The scent and smoke and sweat of a casino are nauseating at three in the morning.
He was an inch, perhaps two, under six feet, powerfully built, and he advanced straight at you with a slight stoop of the shoulders, head forward, and a fixed from-under stare which made you think of a charging bull.; 
The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there.
You will rejoice to hear that no disaster has accompanied the commencement of an enterprise which you have regarded with such evil forebodings.
On my naming day when I come 12 I gone front spear and kilt a wyld boar he parbly ben the las wyld pig on the Bundel Downs any how there hadnt ben none for a long time befor him nor I aint looking to see none agen. 
Justice? You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law. 
Vaughan died yesterday in his last car-crash. 
None of the merry-go-rounds seem to work anymore.
I write this sitting in the kitchen sink. 
The building was on fire, and it wasn't my fault.
When I think of my wife, I always think of her head.
Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again.
My wound is geography.
"When your mama was the geek, my dreamlets," Papa would say, "she made the nipping off of noggins such a crystal mystery that the hens themselves yearned toward her, waltzing around her, hypnotized with longing." 
James Bond, with two double bourbons inside him, sat in the final departure lounge of Miami Airport and thought about life and death.
In the last years of the Seventeenth Century there was to be found among the fops and fools of the London coffee-houses one rangy, gangling flitch called Ebenezer Cooke, more ambitious than talented, and yet more talented than prudent, who, like his friends-in-folly, all of whom were supposed to be educating at Oxford or Cambridge, had found the sound of Mother English more fun to game with than her sense to labor over, and so rather than applying himself to the pains of scholarship, had learned the knack of versifying, and ground out quires of couplets after the fashion of the day, afroth with Joves and Jupiters, aclang with jarring rhymes, and string-taut with similes stretched to the snapping-point. 
When I finally caught up with Abraham Trahearne, he was drinking beer with an alcoholic bulldog named Fireball Roberts in a ramshackle joint just outside of Sonoma, California, drinking the heart right out of a fine spring afternoon.&nbsp; 
It was just noon that Sunday morning when the sheriff reached the jail with Lucas Beauchamp though the whole town (the whole county too for that matter) had known since the night before that Lucas had killed a white man. 
I remember the first time I got a letter that said "After Five Days Return To" on the envelope, and I thought that after I had kept the letter for five days I was supposed to return it to the sender.
I, Tiberius Claudius Drusus Nero Germanicus This-that-and-the-other (for I shall not trouble you yet with all my titles) who was once, and not so long ago either, known to my friends and relatives and associates as "Claudius the Idiot," or "That Claudius," or "Claudius the Stammerer" or "Clau-Clau-Claudius" or at best as "Poor Uncle Claudius," am now about to write this strange history of my life; starting from my earliest childhood and continuing year by year until I reach the fateful point of change where, some eight years ago, at the age of fifty-one, I suddenly found myself caught in what I may call the "golden predicament" from which I have never since become disentangled. 
Of all the things that drive men to sea, the most common disaster, I've come to learn, is women. 
A few miles south of Soledad, the Salinas River drops in close to the hill-side bank and runs deep and green.
The towers of Zenith aspired above the morning mist; austere towers of steel and cement and limestone, sturdy as cliffs and delicate as silver rods. 
Under certain circumstance there are few hours in life more agreeable than the hour dedicated to the ceremony known as afternoon tea.
I have never seen anything like it: two little discs of glass suspended in front of his eyes in loops of wire.
I will tell you in a few words who I am: lover of the hummingbird that darts to the flower beyond the rotted sill where my feet are propped; lover of bright needlepoint and the bright stitching fingers of humorless old ladies bent to their sweet and infamous designs; lover of parasols made from the same puffy stuff as a young girl's underdrawers; still lover of that small naval boat which somehow survived the distressing years of my life between her decks or in her pilothouse; and also lover of poor dear black Sonny, my mess boy, fellow victim and confidant, and of my wife and child. But most of all, lover of my harmless and sanguine self. 
He was born with a gift of laughter and a sense that the world was mad. 
Psychics can see the color of time it's blue. 
The world is what it is; men who are nothing, who allow themselves to become nothing, have no place in it.
Lyra and her daemon moved through the darkening hall, taking care to keep to one side, out of sight of the kitchen.
In the town, there were two mutes and they were always together. 
It was inevitable: the scent of bitter almonds always reminded him of the fate of unrequited love.
Once upon a time two or three weeks ago, a rather stubborn and determined middle-aged man decided to record for posterity, exactly as it happened, word by word and step by step, the story of another man for indeed what is great in man is that he is a bridge and not a goal, a somewhat paranoiac fellow unmarried, unattached, and quite irresponsible, who had decided to lock himself in a room a furnished room with a private bath, cooking facilities, a bed, a table, and at least one chair, in New York City, for a year 365 days to be precise, to write the story of another person
Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. 
For there could be no doubt of his sex, though the fashion of the time did something to disguise it was in the act of slicing at the head of a Moor which swung from the rafters. --<em style="font-style: normal">Virginia Woolf</em>, 
High, high above the North Pole, on the first day of 1969, two professors of English Literature approached each other at a combined velocity of 1200 miles per hour. 
They say when trouble comes close ranks, and so the white people did. 
During the whole of a dull, dark, and soundless day in the autumn of the year, when the clouds hung oppressively low in the heavens, I had been passing alone, on horseback, through a singularly dreary tract of country; and at length found myself, as the shades of the evening drew on, within view of the melancholy House of Usher.
The cold passed reluctantly from the earth, and the retiring fogs revealed an army stretched out on the hills, resting. 
My suffering left me sad and gloomy.
Later, as he sat on his balcony eating the dog, Dr Robert Laing reflected on the unusual events that had taken place within this huge apartment building during the previous three months.
I begin with writing the first sentence - and trusting to Almighty God for the second.
When the car stopped rolling, Parker kicked out the windshield and crawled through onto the wrinkled hood, Glock first.
It was night again.
Logen plunged through the trees, bare feet slipping and sliding on the wet earth, the slush, the wet pine needles, breath rasping in his chest, blood thumping in his head. He stumbled and sprawled onto his side, nearly cut his chest open with his own axe, lay there panting, peering through the shadowy forest.
The circus arrives without warning.
The monster showed up just after midnight.
It was almost December, and Jonas was beginning to be frightened.
It was now lunch time and they were all sitting under the double green fly of the dining tent pretending that nothing had happened.
It was all going so nicely, right up until the massacre.
This book is an attack on current city planning and rebuilding.
War is a matter of vital importance to the State; the province of life or death; the road to survival or ruin.
For false gods, they cast long shadows.
This was not judgment day.
Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed, presumably because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.
One Wednesday afternoon in late September, Ann Veronica Stanley came down from London in a state of solemn excitement and quite resolved to have things out with her father that very evening.
I returned from the City about three o'clock on that May afternoon pretty well disgusted with life.
Amory Blaine inherited from his mother every trait, except the stray inexpressible few, that made him worth while.
In later years, holding forth to an interviewer or to an audience of aging fans at a comic book convention, Sam Clay liked to declare, apropos of his and Joe Kavalier's greatest creation, that back when he was a boy, sealed and hog-tied inside the airtight vessel known as Brooklyn, New York, he had been haunted by dreams of Harry Houdini.
"We could always invent God," I suggested.
To Sherlock Holmes she is always the woman.
When the guy with asthma finally came in from the fire escape, Parker rabbit-punched him and took his gun away.
I have no intention of explaining how the correspondence which I now offer to the public fell into my hands.
First of all, it was October, a rare month for boys.
I'll make my report as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that Truth is a matter of the imagination.
There was a man and he had eight sons.
When the phone rang I was in the kitchen, boiling a potful of spaghetti and whistling along with an FM broadcast of the overture to Rossini's The Thieving Magpie, which has to be the perfect music for cooking pasta.
Behind every man now alive stand thirty ghosts, for that is the ratio by which the dead outnumber the living.
Dog carcass in alley this morning, tire tread on burst stomach.
The storm came up out of the southwest like a fiend, stalking its prey on legs of lightning.
When I wrote the following pages, or rather the bulk of them, I lived alone, in the woods, a mile from any neighbor, in a house which I had built myself, on the shore of Walden Pond, in Concord, Massachusetts, and earned my living by the labor of my hands only.
When I was born, the name for what I was did not exist.
In the inconstant torchlight flickering around the dark glade, it seemed that the grave would never be deep enough.
My mother was the village whore, and a I loved her very much.
I looked at my notes and I didn't like them.
One may as well begin with Helen's letters to her sister.
The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apart in the narrow, moonlit lane.
The night before he went to London, Richard Mayhew was not enjoying himself.
Never does a star grace this land with a poet's light of twinkling mysteries, nor does the sun send to here its rays of warmth and life.
It was starting to end, after what seemed most of eternity to me.
Robert Cohn was once middleweight boxing champion of Princeton.
The sun rose slowly, as if it wasn't sure it was worth the effort.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
The terror, which would not end for another twenty-eight years - if it ever did end - began, so far as I know or can tell, with a boat made from a sheet of newspaper floating down a gutter swollen with rain.
The beginning is simple to mark.
In the beginning, sometimes I left messages in the street.
